come on Gail it's only a bit of fun
you're just making up the numbers that's
all oh thank you very much curly no no
he's not being offensive I mean not
exactly know if your ass as a football
player are you idiots asking me to play
well it's a charity game I've told you a
dollars your sensor and the Builder
ladies play yeah yeah cause the will oh
come on Gail Des Barres and steve
mcdonald go down there already yeah
they're sorted out the ships yeah yeah
but this video cooler which makes four
it's a five is I competition an Andy
can't play because he's been to the
dentist yeah and my boots are at the
menders no space for play if you so keen
yeah come on alma Oh hold on couldn't no
I mean if it would golf I'd have a girl
but to be a football while the balls too
big in 10 yeah yeah yeah look of
soldiers for charity no one's taking it
serious be charitable and play with all
oh come on Gail oh you gotta do is stand
there and kick the ball when it comes
anywhere near yeah hey come play too
many of them are funny what are you
doing what I'm man-to-man marking it
sounds very interested in it it's all
brushing up at the back hole whatever
I'm supposed to do Shh everybody
customers now no more talk about
football yeah I've had enough for no one
more word and I'll clock the pair of you
hello what can we get you on blitz plays
on words hey don't they make the amount
of eggs usually yeah why do you want
toast with it yes place at well done or
half done well done but not bad what
does a neck remind you of oh let's think
about it now curly integra in Miami off
Percy sugden said would you like tea or
coffee please please milk no sugar not a
neck remind you of a ball albeit a rugby
ball but if you flatten it and put it
that way and pumping Oh what does it
remind you of another type of all oh
yeah you told me though let us meet you
again joke yeah and the little drawer
next to mrs. Frank early are the leisure
centre funny you mention that I don't
suppose you know anybody that sir plays
like Manchester United duty or
Manchester City hey you two just stop
mattering the customers yeah out the
pair of young award yet know the dreaded
bird yes you said that wounded for your
penance was playing our five-a-side CMAC
delicious it oh thank you big goal
absolutely now listen we'll see you
outside when you finish your group okay
curly we've got it seem correct fire so
that ah you disappointed an hour you
were dying to play weren't you must be
joking and your meals on the house by
the way thank you very much yeah you so
much
you